Inflattices (#1319)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/order-theory/decidable-total-orders.lagda.md

  where

  min-Decidable-Total-Order : type-Decidable-Total-Order T

>   min-Decidable-Total-Order
>     with
>       is-leq-or-strict-greater-Decidable-Total-Order T x y
>   ... | inl x≤y = x
>   ... | inr y<x = y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  min-Decidable-Total-Order =
    rec-coproduct
      ( λ x≤y → x)
      ( λ y<x → y)
      ( is-leq-or-strict-greater-Decidable-Total-Order T x y)
```
